Is this the evidence you were talking about?
Yes.
That's lame.
Don't you see?
Okay, here's the deal.
You are going to keep pursuing a lane and arrange a meeting with the imposter.
If you can get her to admit her true identity, I'll throw in an extra million as a bonus.
Hmm.
Count me in.
But if I find out you're trying to squeeze money from the imposter behind my back, don't
blame me for being ruthless.
Yes.
Of course.
I'll be careful.
Go.
What's a lane up to?
Why isn't she answering my calls or messages?
As a lane's sick.
Clara, Director Kirk wants to see you.
On my way.
Director Kirk?
It's Clara.
You want to see me?
Director Kirk.
I'm coming in.
Clara, sit here finally admitting you're not a lane.